README.md, before:

## Connect Me Tutor Portal
Web Application to manage tutoring sessions for Connect Me Free Tutoring & Mentoring

## Overview
Connect Me's tutor portal began as an internal tool to meet our organization's need to serve a growing user base, allowing our leadership team to manage tutoring sessions in a scalable and sustainable manner while providing tutors and students with additional quality-of-life features.

## Mult-Profile System
Our portal allows users to have multiple profiles under one email to accommodate parents who would like to register multiple students under one email, or tutors who would also like to register as students to take classes with other tutors 
 
## Tutors & Students
- **Volunteer Dashboard** - Provides necessary information regarding pairings and sessions
- **Questions & Concerns Form** - A form that immediately notifies one of our team members of an incoming question or concern
- **Session Exit Form** - A form for tutors to submit completion of their tutoring session, automatically logging volunteer hours
- **Notifications** - Automated emails for upcoming tutoring sessions
- **Session Rescheduler** - The portal identifies available times and Zoom links for user to reschedule their sessions
- **Resources** - A curated list of academic resources selected by our Connect Me team

## Administrators
- **Sessions Schedule** - Full schedule of all Connect Me's tutoring sessions
- **Tutors Dashboard** - User interface to navigate through Connect Me's tutors
- **Students Dashboard** - User interface to navigate through Connect Me's students
- **Volunteer Hours Dashboard** - User interface to view volunteering hours for each user, by each week, month, and all time

## In Development
- Worksheets in Resources List
- Chat System for Tutors and Students to communicate through direct messages
- Automated Pairing System - provides suggested pairings for tutors

Commit message:

Enhance README with Auth section details
Added authentication features including OTP login and 2-step verification.

README.md, after:

## Connect Me Tutor Portal
Web Application to manage tutoring sessions for Connect Me Free Tutoring & Mentoring

## Overview
Connect Me's tutor portal began as an internal tool to meet our organization's need to serve a growing user base, allowing our leadership team to manage tutoring sessions in a scalable and sustainable manner while providing tutors and students with additional quality-of-life features.

## Mult-Profile System
Our portal allows users to have multiple profiles under one email to accommodate parents who would like to register multiple students under one email, or tutors who would also like to register as students to take classes with other tutors 

## Auth
- **OTP Login** - Alternative to password logins
- **2-step Verification** - Options to enforce two-step verification for various users
 
## Tutors & Students
- **Volunteer Dashboard** - Provides necessary information regarding pairings and sessions
- **Questions & Concerns Form** - A form that immediately notifies one of our team members of an incoming question or concern
- **Session Exit Form** - A form for tutors to submit completion of their tutoring session, automatically logging volunteer hours
- **Notifications** - Automated emails for upcoming tutoring sessions
- **Session Rescheduler** - The portal identifies available times and Zoom links for user to reschedule their sessions
- **Resources** - A curated list of academic resources selected by our Connect Me team

## Administrators
- **Sessions Schedule** - Full schedule of all Connect Me's tutoring sessions
- **Tutors Dashboard** - User interface to navigate through Connect Me's tutors
- **Students Dashboard** - User interface to navigate through Connect Me's students
- **Volunteer Hours Dashboard** - User interface to view volunteering hours for each user, by each week, month, and all time

## In Development
- Worksheets in Resources List
- Chat System for Tutors and Students to communicate through direct messages
- Automated Pairing System - provides suggested pairings for tutors
